<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ai_positron_enterprise-install">
  <title>Installing the Oxygen AI Positron Assistant Enterprise Add-on</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>generate</indexterm>
        <indexterm>content</indexterm>
        <indexterm>installation</indexterm>
        <indexterm>add-on</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Go to <menucascade><uicontrol>Help</uicontrol><uicontrol>Install new add-ons</uicontrol></menucascade> to open an add-on selection dialog box. Enter or paste <b>https://www.oxygenxml.com/InstData/Addons/default/updateSite.xml</b> in the <uicontrol>Show add-ons from</uicontrol> field or select it from the drop-down menu. If you have issues connecting to the default update site, you can <xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/php/download-addon.php?updateSite=https://www.oxygenxml.com/InstData/Addons/default/updateSite.xml&amp;oxygenAddonId=oxygen.ai.positron.enterprise.addon">download the add-on package</xref>, unzip it, then use the <uicontrol>Browse for local files</uicontrol> action in the <uicontrol>Install new add-ons</uicontrol> dialog box to locate the downloaded <codeph>addon.xml</codeph> file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select the <b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant (Enterprise)</b> add-on and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. There are two different iterations of the add-on and you can only have one or the other installed at once:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep><cmd><b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant</b> - The regular version of the add-on.</cmd></substep>
          <substep><cmd><b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant (Enterprise)</b> - This Enterprise version is for those who want to connect to their own <b>OpenAI</b>, <b>MS Azure OpenAI</b>, or <b>Anthropic Claude</b> account.</cmd></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Read the end-user license agreement. Then select the <uicontrol>I accept all terms of the end-user license agreement</uicontrol> option and click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart the application.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The <uicontrol>AI Positron Assistant (Enterprise)</uicontrol> side view is now available.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
