<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="authenticating">
    <title>Authenticating</title>
    <body>
    <p id="p_hth_dgk_54b">Five protocols are supported: <i>HTTP</i>, <i>HTTPS</i>, <i>SVN</i>,
        <i>SVN + SSH</i> and <i>FILE</i>. If the repository that you are trying to access is
      password protected, the <uicontrol>Enter authentication data</uicontrol> dialog box requests a
      user name and a password. If the <uicontrol>Store authentication data</uicontrol> checkbox is
      selected, the credentials are stored in the <tm tmtype="tm">Apache Subversion</tm> default
      directory:</p>
    <ul id="ul_ith_dgk_54b">
      <li id="li_jth_dgk_54b">Windows - <filepath>%HOME%\Application
        Data\Subversion\auth</filepath>. Example: <filepath>C:\Documents and
          Settings\John\Application Data\Subversion\auth</filepath></li>
      <li id="li_kth_dgk_54b">Linux and macOS - <filepath>$HOME/.subversion/auth</filepath>.
        Example: <filepath>/home/John/.subversion/auth</filepath></li>
    </ul>
    <p id="p_lth_dgk_54b">There is one file for each server that you access. If you want to make
      Subversion forget your credentials, you can use the <uicontrol>Reset
        authentication</uicontrol> command from the <uicontrol>Options</uicontrol> menu. This causes
      Subversion to forget all your credentials. When you reset the authentication data, restart <ph
        keyref="product"/> for the change to take effect.</p>
    <note type="tip" id="note_mth_dgk_54b">The <i>FILE</i> protocol is recommended if the SVN
      repository and <ph keyref="product"/> are located on the same computer as it ensures faster
      access to the SVN repository compared with other protocols.</note>
    <p id="p_nth_dgk_54b">For HTTPS connections where client authentication is required by your SSL
      server, you must choose the certificate file and enter the corresponding certificate password
      that is used to protect your certificate.</p>
    <p id="p_oth_dgk_54b">When using a secure HTTP (HTTPS) protocol for accessing a repository, a
        <uicontrol>Certificate Information</uicontrol> dialog box is displayed and asks you whether
      you want to accept the certificate permanently, temporarily, or simply deny it.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
