<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_positron_enterprise">
    <title>Installing the Oxygen AI Positron Assistant Enterprise Add-on</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps to install the Oxygen AI Positron Assistant Enterprise add-on.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>install</indexterm>
                <indexterm>add-on</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <menucascade><uicontrol>Help</uicontrol><uicontrol>Install new add-ons</uicontrol></menucascade> to open an add-on selection dialog box. Enter or paste <b>https://www.oxygenxml.com/InstData/Addons/default/updateSite.xml</b> in the <uicontrol>Show add-ons from</uicontrol> field or select it from the drop-down menu. If you have issues connecting to the default update site, you can <xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/php/download-addon.php?updateSite=https://www.oxygenxml.com/InstData/Addons/default/updateSite.xml&amp;oxygenAddonId=oxygen.ai.positron.enterprise.addon">download the add-on package</xref>, unzip it, then use the <uicontrol>Browse for local files</uicontrol> action in the <uicontrol>Install new add-ons</uicontrol> dialog box to locate the downloaded <codeph>addon.xml</codeph> file.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant (Enterprise)</b> add-on and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. There are two different iterations of the add-on and you can only have one or the other installed at once:
                    <ul>
                        <li><b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant</b> - The regular version of the add-on.</li>
                        <li><b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant (Enterprise)</b> - This Enterprise version is for those who want to connect to their own <b>OpenAI</b>, <b>MS Azure OpenAI</b>, or <b>Anthropic Claude</b> account.</li>
                    </ul>
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Read the end-user license agreement. Then select the <uicontrol>I accept all terms of the end-user license agreement</uicontrol> option and click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Restart the application.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>