<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="jsoniq-debugger-perspective">
  <title><ph product="developer editor">JSONiq Debugger Perspective</ph><ph
      product="developerEclipse editorEclipse">Oxygen JSONiq Debugger Perspective</ph></title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Perspectives<indexterm>JSONiq Debugger</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>JSONiq Debugger perspective</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p id="p_intro">The <uicontrol>JSONiq Debugger</uicontrol>
      <xref keyref="glossentry_perspective"><term>perspective</term></xref> allows you to detect
      problems in a JSONiq transformation by executing the process step by step in a controlled
      environment. To switch the focus to this <term>perspective</term>, select <ph
        product="developer editor">the <uicontrol>JSONiq Debugger</uicontrol> button in the top-right corner of the interface or <menucascade>
          <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>Open perspective</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>JSONiq Debugger</uicontrol>
        </menucascade></ph><menucascade product="editorEclipse developerEclipse">
        <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol>
        <uicontrol>Open Perspective</uicontrol>
        <uicontrol>Other </uicontrol>
        <uicontrol>Oxygen JSONiq Debugger</uicontrol>
      </menucascade>.</p>
    <p id="p_workspace">The workspace in this <term>perspective</term> is organized as an editing area assisted by
      special helper views. The editing area contains editor panels that you can <xref
        href="preferences-debugger.dita">split horizontally or vertically</xref> in a stack of JSON
      editor panels and a stack of JSONiq editor panels. The JSON files and JSONiq files can be
      edited in <xref href="text-mode-editor.dita#text-mode-editor"><uicontrol>Text</uicontrol>
        mode</xref> only.</p>
    <p id="p_layout">The layout of this <term>perspective</term> is composed of the following
        components:<dl id="dl_layout">
        <dlentry id="dlentry_menus">
          <dt><uicontrol>Menus</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>Provides menu-driven access to all the features and functions available in the
              <uicontrol>JSONiq Debugger</uicontrol>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="dlentry_toolbars">
          <dt><uicontrol>Toolbars</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>Contains all actions needed to configure and control the debugging process. <ph
              product="developer editor">The <xref href="configure-toolbars.dita#configure-toolbars"
                >toolbars can be configured</xref> to suit your specific needs.</ph></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="dlentry_json_source">
          <dt>JSON Source Pane</dt>
          <dd>The editing pane where you can display and edit JSON data.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="dlentry_jsoniq_source">
          <dt>JSONiq Source Pane</dt>
          <dd>The editing pane where you can display and edit JSONiq queries and transformations.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="dlentry_output_view">
          <dt><uicontrol>Output</uicontrol> View</dt>
          <dd>Displays the transformed output that results from the input of a selected JSON
            document and selected JSONiq query to the transformer. The result of transformation is
            dynamically written as the transformation is processed. There are two types of views for
            the output: a text view (with JSON syntax highlight) and a formatted JSON view.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="dlentry_debug_info">
          <dt><xref href="debug-info-view.dita#debug-info-view">Debugging Information
            Views</xref></dt>
          <dd>Presented in two panes, they display various types of information that can be used to
            understand the transformation process. For each information type there is a
            corresponding tab. While running a transformation, relevant events are displayed in the
            various information views. This allows you to obtain a clear view of the transformation
            progress. See the <xref href="debug-info-view.dita#debug-info-view">Debugging
              Information Views</xref> topic for a list of all the information views (and links to
            more details on each view).</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
    <section id="section_resources">
      <title>Resources</title>
      <p id="p_resources">For more information about the JSONiq debugging capabilities in <ph
          keyref="product"/>, watch our video demonstration:</p>
      <p id="p_video"><object width="450" height="250"
          data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/example-jsoniq-debugger" outputclass="iframe">
          <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true"/>
        </object></p>
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>
      <link href="debugging.dita#debugging"/>
      <link href="xslt-debugger-perspective.dita#xslt-debugger-perspective"/>
      <link href="xquery-debugger-perspective.dita#xquery-debugger-perspective"/>
  </related-links>
</topic>